Update README.md (#6)
mary-tziraki/intro-to-medical-image-processing-for-biomedical-engineering: README.md

# Introduction to image processing for biomedical engineering.

This carpentries lesson teaches the basics of image processing catered to biomedical engineers.

> It starts from the description of a simple 2D iamge and how we can manipulate/process it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It starts from the description of a simple 2D image and how we can manipulate/process it.
```

> More advance topic include 3D images in medicine, how we store them and how we procees them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More advanced topics include 3D images in medical imaging, how we store and process them.
```
Some typos

> This lesson address the needs for 1st year undergraduate students in biomedical engineering and any other student/researchers wanted learn about image processing for their studies or projects. Any one is welcome to take the workshop. Prior familiarity with Python is required. People migh be interested in taking SC lesson on Python. This lesson is in pre-alpha stage of development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This lesson address the needs of 1st year undergraduate students in biomedical engineering and any other student/researcher wanting to learn about image processing for their studies or projects. Anyone is welcome to use the course material.

Prior familiarity with Python is required. People might be interested in taking the [carpentries lesson on Python](https://swcarpentry.github.io/python-novice-inflammation/).

This lesson is currently in pre-alpha stage of development, and has undergone 1 pilot delivery.
```
